Add Steps concept and durable execution docs for AI Transport (#3459)
ably/docs: src/pages/docs/ai-transport/frameworks/temporal.mdx

## What Temporal brings <a id="temporal-brings"/>

| Capability | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Workflow durability | The workflow's execution history persists in Temporal. A worker crash resumes the workflow on a different worker without losing progress. |
| Activity retries | Failed activities retry under configurable policies. The retry gets the same `activityId`, so Ably can supersede its predecessor. |
| Cancellation | A workflow cancel propagates as an `AbortSignal` inside each activity, which flows into the LLM call and stops it gracefully. |
| Observability | The Temporal Web UI shows activity attempts, retry counts, error traces, and workflow history. Pair it with the channel to see the whole turn. |

## What AI Transport adds <a id="ait-adds"/>

| Capability | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Durable sessions | Tokens flow through an Ably channel that outlives any single connection. A client reconnects and resumes from where it left off. |

> | Multi-device sync | Every device subscribed to the session sees the same conversation in real time. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Multi-device sync | Every device subscribed to the session sees the same conversation in realtime. |
```

Author: https://github.com/ably/docs/pull/3459/changes/e47839d73cf2e09c11ffd490a829d2dc72873e43

| History and replay | Load the full conversation on reconnect, page refresh, or new device join. |

## Where they connect <a id="connect"/>

Each activity publishes its output as a single Step, using the Temporal activity id as that Step's `stepId`. That is the join between the two systems: Temporal's retryable unit and AI Transport's supersedable unit share one identifier.

Use [`stepIdFor`](/docs/ai-transport/api/javascript/temporal) from `@ably/ai-transport/temporal` to derive the `stepId`. It reads the activity id from the Temporal activity context and prefixes it with the Run's invocation id. Two workflows both have `activityId === '1'` for their first activity; the invocation-id prefix keeps their Steps distinct on the channel.

An inference activity:

<Code>
```javascript
import { Context } from '@temporalio/activity';
import Ably from 'ably';
import { streamText, convertToModelMessages, stepCountIs } from 'ai';
import { createAgentSession, vercelRunOutcome } from '@ably/ai-transport/vercel';
import { stepIdFor } from '@ably/ai-transport/temporal';
import { Invocation } from '@ably/ai-transport';

export async function runInferenceStep({ ids, invocation }) {

>   const ably = new Ably.Realtime({ authUrl: '/auth' });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const ably = new Ably.Realtime({ key: process.env.ABLY_API_KEY });
```

Author: https://github.com/ably/docs/pull/3459/changes/e47839d73cf2e09c11ffd490a829d2dc72873e43
